here may be the ultrabook almost
perfect this summer 2015 is the shot at
100 of toshiba and we will do a little
owner's tower
so this 13.3-inch ultrabook
first seduced us by its finish
aluminum and magnesium finesse lightness
frankly there is not much to say
another good point of this laptop pc
who gathers 2 is the xxl size of
his screen rather the definition of his
image 2560 among the four hundred
forty pixels of what works with
two open windows cot cot without
have to scroll like a sick person for
able to read all the lines and then
well for it to be almost perfect this
toshiba of course and lack of it
that endurance and he has it over eight
hours in water of reading autonomy
video and a little over five hours and
half in use says versatile it's up to
say sister is working more web and
frankly it still works
unfortunately who says almost perfect
there is almost in and that's the screen
who fish there too because the brightness
is a little at half compared to
with very good contrast but contrasts
brightness really not up to par
result we have a little impression that
the picture was always at the radius of
the screen there was a slight lack of
refreshment of the slab this is at
to say that in fact when we play with the
touchscreen and well we have seen
pink streaks the time all
the colors stabilize and that the
pixels is stabilizing so y'a that the
fussy who will see again in
the others maybe it will go unnoticed
but for a machine over 1200
euros so it embarrassed us a bit
finally impossible to find a machine
with 16 gigabytes of memory in the range of
toshiba you have to be satisfied with 8 gigas
or directly the motherboard alone
element that we will be able to change is
the ssd we can go from 256 to 512
jitter spas just he will have
think about cloning his system on the
again to try to do all these
data
then the kir to his de toshiba is
sold 1200 euros but right now
sales period is there way to find it
in the neighborhood of 1000 1100 euros
it's not perfect but it is not
far and we love each other very much